add Known Issues section to README (#430)
hashicorp/vscode-terraform: README.md

If you are using a Terraform version prior to 0.12.0, you can install the pre-transfer version of this extension manually by [following the instructions in the wiki](https://github.com/hashicorp/vscode-terraform/wiki/Install-a-Pre-transfer-Version).

## Known Issues

* Multi-folder workspaces are not yet supported. ([info](https://github.com/hashicorp/vscode-terraform/issues/329#issuecomment-639378948))

> * Single-folder workspaces in which the root module is not the top-level folder are not supported. ([info](https://github.com/hashicorp/vscode-terraform/issues/329#issuecomment-639107179))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A number of different folder configurations (specifically when your root module is not a parent to any submodules) are not yet supported. ([info](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-ls/issues/32#issuecomment-649707345))
```
